---
layout: post.njk
title: SamBoy
date: 2022-05-01T11:52:40.000Z
tags: ["post","party","sam"]
categories: ["party"]
---

Yes he is markandeya and his zest to live life is exceptional. Kaushik deserves our whole hearted appreciation ðŸ‘ for putting together this luncheon part
y. Sam & Mr
s. Gowri - you made this memorable for all of u
s. Hum Kabhi alvida nahi kahenge aapko

![] (/assets/images/samboy-9d189703. jpg) With the collage beautifully framed

![] (/assets/images/samboy-517e4ec9. jpg) Chandru left early

The venue surprised me a bit but got the explanation. ![] (/assets/images/samboy-7c4a16a
e. jpg) A few things I got it clarified by Ajay- why the fork had the middle two fingers cut off

![] (/assets/images/samboy-d212f767. jpg) Barbecue fork

Is coal barbeque different from any other or anywhere barbeque?

![] (/assets/images/samboy-b47f37dd. jpg) ![] (/assets/images/samboy-0effb612. jpg) I got good veggie options and was well nourished

![] (/assets/images/samboy-2e875355. jpg) Panner tikka, mushroom, fruit

Almost all our gang was present

![] (/assets/images/samboy-dc2398e3. jpg) Kaushik, Aravind, Saurabh, Saravanan, Sri, Selvan, Ajay, Ganesh, Abhiroop, Venki

The Restaurant folks singing towards the end with confetti ðŸŽŠ was a good vibe. Check this album out - the video and do add your unique and non- repetitive images her
e. https: //photo
s. ap
p. go
o. gl/YtDZ9s6zgLppRHCC6

The quiz and QnA session went very well and I was surprised most of it got answered correctly

1\. His best tennis shot?
2\. One good and bad trait
3\. His frequent parner in doubles & has he Ajay'd him ever!
4\. One food item he likes most
5\. His quirks
6\. This place that city that food - name few he has mentioned and you have tasted that and was it good? Name them
7\. Who knew him the longest time

Quiz

1\. Connect Sam and RC and who is this person who is very dear to him? - Hint was well grasped by Ajay. Yes She retired as Vice President at Royal Sundaram Insurance
2\. Companies he worked other than Alembic pharmaceuticals

His colleague Mr. Ayya Kutty whom I happen to know - we played tennis at our colony ground, spoke highly of Sa
m. He said Sam was his boss - Sales Director and he Manager Admin & Sales - they both worked in Alembic Bangalore for close to 3 years and became close buddie
s. He rose from a tyro Medical Representative - MR of yore to Sales Director position and travelled extensively to the length and breadth of the countr
y. They the e
x. Colleagues gang still get together and don't miss to see his moves to that Entammede Jimmiki Kammal ðŸ•º

We all wished him well and I am ðŸ’¯ percent sure everyone will be in touch with him for long - as he touched us all in a unique way and has a lot to share. He doesn't miss to say how much he likes to be in the midst of our ðŸŽ¾ gang - all ages from teen to Fiftees and still been able to flex his forehead cross court passing sho
t. He used to trouble me during KTC/ MPTA days by tilting his ever shining, well oiled head and reflect the early morning Sun â˜€ï¸ rays and blind me when I played as opponent

> Time well spent leads to Time well lived

>

> Martin Uguw

Gracias
